Mr. Nanami.
That octopus thinks
I am fighting against his domain.
But I have a different purpose.
I want to make a hole in the domain
in this barrier.
The hole I came through has been closed.
It's harder to make it from the inside.
but I can open a big enough hole
for a few seconds.
The edge of the barrier is under my feet.
I touched it when I came in. so I know.
I can start at any time.
You three just need to rush in together.
We can't leave you behind.
I will stake my life...
but I don't intend to sacrifice it.
You two...
Gather!
The enemy can understand human speech.
They trust the Grade 1 sorcerer who
conveys his intention in a roundabout way.
Get out of this domain.
The option that seemed no longer possible
is back on the table.
They want to protect that boy together?
It's easier for me to take them all at...
No!
He noticed?! But it's too late.
To Fushiguro's feet!
Those who were born
inheriting the Zenin Family's curse.
The one who couldn't fully
leave behind that curse.
They witness with their own eyes
the bear flesh of the person
who abandoned everything.
And his vigor.
Who is he?
A human...
A sorcerer?
They didn't escape.
but invited a new sorcerer in?
So fast. Wasn't he just in the air?
And he's not just fast...
He is way too strong.
Maki!
I didn't sense his cursed energy at all.
I lost to him in terms of strength?
I can't believe it.
Fushiguro.
It's no use.
The hole has been already closed.
And now he knows our plan.
He won't give us a chance
to open a new hole.
Toji?
Granny Ogami's Séance technique
continues even after her death.
When the cursed energy of her grandson.
who serves as a vessel. is exhausted.
séance is supposed to end.
Her grandchild's soul that was overwritten
by Toji Zenin has no cursed energy.
Besides. this body does not consume
cursed energy.
so the cursed technique
has lost its endpoint.
This series of anomalies led
to the loss of control of the technique.
Now. Toji Zenin will fight on instinct
until the vessel breaks.
He has turned into a killing puppet.
This man
has no cursed energy?
You're insignificant.
His fangs...
always point to the strong.
Old man.
Who is that guy?
A ghost.
Fushiguro. can you hold on a bit longer?
Okay.
I'm sorry.
I have to bet on him.
Rubbing Playful Cloud together...
Is he...
sharpening them?
Am I going to lose?
To a human without cursed energy?
No. I can feel
the kid's domain is weakening.
As long as I can restore
the guaranteed hit. I can kill everyone.
I need to buy some time.
Right. you can suspend in the air.
Do I need to repeat myself?
It's not
over...
The domain is gone.
He really exorcised
that octopus on his own.
If Fushiguro hadn't come in time.
we'd certainly have been wiped out.
But there's still one problem.
Is he on our side?
What?
When did I come outside?
He is ridiculously fast.
Maybe even faster than Sukuna.
Who on earth is this guy?
Megumi!
Are you dead. Dagon?
Come on. what kind of joke is this?
He's much stronger...
Let me handle the rest.
than the cursed spirit called Dagon.
Even if we don't live on humans.
our souls will still reincarnate.
Let's meet again in the wilderness
in a hundred years.
Now...
The first one.
Mr. Nana...
The second one.
The third one.
Sukuna.
No. it's the finger.
Sukuna's finger was released
somewhere in Shibuya.
We need to hurry. Nanako.
The finger might attract cursed spirits.
I know.
Please.
Come out.
Lord Sukuna.
You two. how many fingers
did you feed him?
I won't tell you.
Mimiko!
Fine. Then die.
Good. the marks haven't disappeared.
Although it's unexpected.
I need to take full advantage of this.
Even if Yuji Itadori absorbs
all of the 20 fingers.
he probably won't hand over
the control of his body to Sukuna.
But that's if he absorbs
a finger a day for 20 days.
If he eats ten fingers at a time.
he won't have time to adapt.
Although it's only temporary. the control
of his body will be transferred to Sukuna.
Wake up.
Sukuna.
I fed him all ten.
So now. there are
at least 15 fingers in him.
You are still alive.
It's probably because of
one of their techniques.
But they're so scared.
they probably can't do it several times.
Don't waste my time.
You have one second.
Move away.
This is Sukuna.
A formidable power
different from Satoru Gojo's.
An overwhelming evil.
The fear that every move of both sides
could be the cause of death.
Breathe...
Can we breathe? He won't kill us. right?
You're holding your heads too high.
Did you think kneeling
on one knee would be enough?
The boughs that bear most hang lowest.
It seems your head doesn't bear much.
Brats.
I'll start with you.
Do you have something to ask of me?
I'll give you one finger's worth of time.
Say it.
Down there...
Down there is a man with stitches
on his forehead wearing a monk's robe.
Please...
Please kill him.
free Master Geto.
Master Geto.
Who is Satoru Gojo?
He's super strong. right?
Yeah.
He used to be my friend.
We had a fight
and haven't seen each other since then.
I like you.
Satoru Gojo killed Master Geto.
We will never forgive him.
But we thought we could let things be.
Because Satoru Gojo is Master Geto's
one and only best friend. after all.
You're not.
Go to hell.
I'll make you regret it.
We know the location of another finger.
If you can kill him.
we'll tell you where it is.
So...
-Please...
-Raise your heads.
Mimiko...
Do you think you can command me
-just for a finger or two?
-No! Mimiko!
No! Mimiko...
Annoying.
Sukuna!
Die!
Cell phone...
No. the camera?
It can probably have
some effect on the filmed subject.
Boring.
Your turn.
Cursed spirit. what do you want from me?
I want
nothing.
What?
Our goal is to fully revive you.
Itadori hasn't adapted yet.
so you are temporarily granted freedom.
You should know that better than anyone.
Even if Sukuna's Reverse Cursed Technique
can cure others.
souls transfigured by Mahito's
Idle Transfiguration can't be fixed.
It's not that...
Sukuna didn't make a Binding Vow then.
he couldn't.
Before Yuji Itadori returns.
you must make a Binding Vow with him.
One that allows you
to take over his body permanently.
Many of Itadori's companions are here.
There are plenty of ways.
No need.
I have my own plan.
But... well...
You are desperate too.
As a thank you for the fingers...
Just come at me.
If you can hit me once.
I'll work under you.
I can start with killing
all the humans in Shibuya.
except for one.
It's a deal.
-This is how you play Jujutsu.
-There are minors here. you know.
-Barrier! Technique! Yoyoinoyoi!
-Students are watching.
I made paper. Those made scissors
might have good luck tomorrow.
Don't suddenly make it kid-friendly.
Next episode. Thunderbolt.
Yup I'm drunk.